---
title: "Keerthana - 2022-06-21 00:57:34"
date: 2022-06-20
---

Hi Karthigeyan! This is Keerthana, I’m in my 2nd year of PhD in Mathematics at IIT-M. I remember meeting you here in the campus couple of months back with Elan. I came across your blog recently and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. I could relate to your recent post regarding finding/identifying purpose. I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about it that experiencing existential crisis almost became like a part of my routine.Everything seemed pointless/felt like a burden. Seeing death closely(not mine) really put things in perspective for me.Internalizing the idea that life is really short and unpredictable assured me that doing what you love is the right way to do life.Thats my reason to do Math and I made peace with it.In all honesty, I’m not sure if I’ll be doing the same thing if I’m granted immortality. :P Sorry if that was preachy/obvious! I hope you find your answers soon. All the best!! :D <!--more--> AUTHOR: Keerthana AUTHOR EMAIL: keerthana1996.pooja@gmail.com AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: Message time IP: 103.158.43.33 Array ( \[1\_Name\] => Keerthana \[2\_Email\] => keerthana1996.pooja@gmail.com \[3\_Message\] => Hi Karthigeyan! This is Keerthana, I’m in my 2nd year of PhD in Mathematics at IIT-M. I remember meeting you here in the campus couple of months back with Elan. I came across your blog recently and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. I could relate to your recent post regarding finding/identifying purpose. I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about it that experiencing existential crisis almost became like a part of my routine.Everything seemed pointless/felt like a burden. Seeing death closely(not mine) really put things in perspective for me.Internalizing the idea that life is really short and unpredictable assured me that doing what you love is the right way to do life.Thats my reason to do Math and I made peace with it.In all honesty, I’m not sure if I’ll be doing the same thing if I’m granted immortality. :P Sorry if that was preachy/obvious! I hope you find your answers soon. All the best!! :D \[email\_marketing\_consent\] => \[entry\_title\] => Contact \[entry\_permalink\] => https://witfulmadrasi.wordpress.com/contact/ \[feedback\_id\] => cc658c8d606c661399cc6a27263e82c1 )
